Add Discord notification support (#4)
TheoBrigitte/kimsufi-notifier: README.md

Notification(s) can be sent whenever a server is available. Either one or multiple notification services can be used.

Supported notification services:
- [Discord](https://discord.com/) via [Webhook](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/webhook)
- [Gotify](https://gotify.net/)
- [OpsGenie](https://www.atlassian.com/software/opsgenie) via [Alerts API](https://docs.opsgenie.com/docs/alert-api)
- [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) via [Bots API#sendMessage](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#sendmessage)

In order to use a notification service, it is recommended to set its environment variables in the config file, see [config.env.example](config.env.example).

### Discord

> In order to recieve notifications for Gotify, the appropriate environment variable must be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to receive notifications for Discord, the appropriate environment variable must be set:
```
